Hey everyone and thanks for jumping back
into the cryptoverse.
Today we're going to talk about Bitcoin
and how it just closed back below the
bare market resistance band. If you guys
like the content, make sure you
subscribe to the channel, give the video
a thumbs up, and also check out the sale
on Into the Cryptoverse Premium at into
the cryptoverse.com.
You'll have to excuse my voice. Um, I
lost my voice earlier today. I was uh
watching the USA play Sagal and
my voice is gone.
So, um here we are. So, I'll do the best
I can. Bitcoin closed
below the bare market resistance band.
And this is what we said, right? Right?
I mean, we said very clearly over and
over and over again how Bitcoin will get
these rallies
in midterm years
where you get above the bare market
resistance band briefly,
but there's no followthrough and you go
right back below. And how it typically
plays out is Bitcoin rallies
through it but then gets rejected off
the 200 day moving average. Okay?
So, and and a lot of times the way it
works is this and we we pointed this out
a several weeks ago. You go up, you tag
it, you come back down, you tag it, you
know, you go back, tag it again, and
then you get rejected. Okay? And we we
we talked about this not that long ago
before it all happened. Not because we
had a crystal ball, but because we had a
chart and can see that that is how it
plays out. That's your 2022 pattern. And
you also have your 2018 pattern
as well. So, Bitcoin
is now below it, right? It's now below
the um
the bare market resistance band.
I'm not great at predicting short-term
price action because as I've said
before, short-term price action is akin
to a random walk or geometric brownie in
motion. But
if I had to guess,
if you said, "All right, guess the
path." I would say what's most likely to
happen is that Bitcoin tags 70K soon,
bounces back up for a few days, and then
goes back to the February lows.
And I could be wrong, but that is how I
think it'll play out. So, you know,
something like this where right now
Bitcoin heads down to 70K,
but the first time you tag 70, you're
probably going to bounce off of it for a
bit,
but then it'll likely come back down
here.
That is how I think it'll play out. And
now the bare market resistance band is
resistance once again.
We're not above it.
In fact, in 2018,
the lows match. You have a February low,
a higher low in late March, early April,
the lower high in May, and then we went
down into late June. And as Bitcoin came
back down,
you can see it bounced right at $7,000.
It bounced at $7,000,
went back up for a week or so,
and
fell
into June,
right?
Okay, so that's how it played out
and then volatility basically dried up
until Q4 where the bottom fell out and
then the next bull market began. So what
do I think is going to happen in the
short term? If I had to guess, I would
say that you have your February low. You
have your higher low in late May late
March, early April. You have your lower
high in May.
You'll probably see people talking about
this soon where Bitcoin hits 70K and
they'll say, "Look,
it'll bounce, get rejected, go down to
to the February low."
That's my guess. I could be wrong, but
that is in fact my guess as to how this
market will play out. If you guys like
the content, make sure you subscribe to
the channel, give the video a thumbs up,
and again, check out the sale on Into
the Cryptoverse Premium at into the
cryptoverse.com. I'll see you guys next
time. Bye.